Title
"Neterpenie. English;""The impatient ones"
"Explanatory report on the European convention on the suppression of terrorism, Strasbourg, 27 January 1977"
Plotting terror : novelists and terrorists in contemporary fiction
Bombshell : a novel
Bel canto : a novel
"Unholy wars : Afghanistan, America and international terrorism"
Warriors of the Prophet : the struggle for Islam
Firepower in the lab : automation in the fight against infectious diseases and bioterrorism
"Gloire et l'effroi. English;""Glory and terror : seven deaths under the French Revolution"
"Combating chemical, biological, radiological, and nuclear terrorism : a comprehensive strategy : a report of the CSIS Homeland Defense Project"
Terrorism and U.S. foreign policy
Fire
"The counterterrorism handbook : tactics, procedures, and techniques"
"The uncivil war : the rise of hate, violence, and terrorism in America"
Usama bin Laden's al-Qaida : profile of a terrorist network
"The reign of terror, 1793-4 the experiment of the democratic republic, and the rise of the bourgeoisie,"
"Super terrorism : biological, chemical, and nuclear"
"Guatemala, nunca m?≠s. English;""Guatemala, never again!"
"The price of terror : one bomb, one plane, 270 lives : the history-making struggle for justice after Pan Am 103"
The terrorist trap : America's experience with terrorism
"AndéÅguraundo. English;""Underground : the Tokyo gas attack and the Japanese psyche"
"One nation : America remembers September 11, 2001"
Religious violence in contemporary Japan : the case of Aum Shinrikyèç
Sacred rage : the wrath of militant Islam : updated with new chapters
How did this happen? : terrorism and the new war
September 11 : a testimony
The age of terror : America and the world after September 11
New York September 11
"Holy war, Inc. : inside the secret world of Osama bin Laden"
American jihad : the terrorists living among us
Terrorism and transportation : impact of terrorism on state transportation services and facilities
Al Qaeda : brotherhood of terror
"The lessons of terror : a history of warfare against civilians : why it has always failed, and why it will fail again"
Protecting people and buildings from terrorism : technology transfer for blast-effects mitigation
Protecting people and buildings from terrorism : technology transfer for blast-effects mitigation
42624
"Final report on the bombing of the Alfred P. Murrah Building : April 19, 1995"
"Final report on the bombing of the Alfred P. Murrah Building : April 19, 1995"
"Au nom d'Oussama Ben Laden. English;""In the name of Osama bin Laden : global terrorism & the bin Laden brotherhood"
"Embassies under siege : a review of 48 embassy takeovers, 1971-1980"
"September 11, 2001 : a collection of newspaper front pages"
"Networks and netwars : the future of terror, crime, and militancy"
Terrorism : theirs and ours
"Bioterrorism and public health : assessing California's preparedness, informational hearing"
Be prepared : getting ready for new and uncertain dangers
California's response to the emerging threat of terrorism
"Whither Iran? : reform, domestic politics and national security"
In the line of duty : a tribute to New York's finest and bravest
Unholy war : terror in the name of Islam
Biological threats and terrorism : assessing the science and response capabilities : workshop summary
Even the birds were on fire : 9.11.01
Special paper on additional UN options to combat international terrorism
The Sunday after Tuesday : college pulpits respond to 9-11
9-11--what a difference a day makes
Why we fight : moral clarity and the war on terrorism
The new crusade : America's war on terrorism
Terrorism and transportation : impact of terrorism on state transportation services and facilities
